### Create, Build and Run a Sample App with Command-line Tool:
Create a sample app, for example (You may supply `--shared` switch to avoid copying crosswalk-cordova-android/framework folder into each project):

    $ /path/to/crosswalk-cordova-android/bin/create HelloWorld com.example.helloworld HelloWorld

A new project is created in folder `HelloWorld`. The example HTML, JS and CSS files are located in `/path/to/HelloWorld/assets/www` (You may replace them with yours later).

Then build and run the sample app:

    $ cd HelloWorld
    $ ./cordova/build
    $ ./cordova/run

You will see the 'APACHE CORDOVA' page with a blinking 'DEVICE IS READY' tag.

Please refer to [Android Command-line Tools](http://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/3.3.0/guide_platforms_android_tools.md.html#Android%20Command-line%20Tools) for more command-line commands.

### Set Permissions
Some HTML5 APIs which access devices require developers to set appropriate permissions in `AndroidManifest.xml` to work correctly. For example, if your app calls [getUserMedia](http://dev.w3.org/2011/webrtc/editor/archives/20131225/getusermedia.html), it needs to add 

    <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO" />
    <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.CAMERA" />

into `AndroidManifest.xml`. Please refer to [Android manifest permissions](http://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission.html) for more details.

### Importing a Crosswalk-based Cordova Android Project into Eclipse
The project generated by crosswalk-cordova-android Command-line Tool can be imported into Android Development Tool for GUI-based development.

1. Open ADT. In “File” menu, choose “Import…”. 
2. In Import dialog, choose “Existing Android Code into Workspace” and click “Next” button.
3. ADT prompts a file browser window, then choose the generated app folder, say “HelloWorld”. The “Import Projects” dialog will show it is ready to import three projects: “xwalk_core_library”, “HelloWorld-CordovaLib” and “HelloWorld”. Then click “Finish” button.
4. Build the each project. Start from “xwalk_core_library”, then “CordovaLib” and last “HelloWorld”. If all builds pass, you are ready to develop the app in the ADT.